# Crops Savior
<h2> Abstract</h2>
<p style="font-size: 18px; text-indent: 150px;">
           &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;  Egypt is extremely vulnerable to climate change due to the expected rise in heat waves, dust storms, storms along the Mediterranean coast, and extreme weather occurrences. Over the past 30 years, stronger warming has been proven, with average yearly temperatures rising by 0.53 degrees Celsius every ten years. The nation's dedication to and efforts to address the effects of climate change are at a tipping point.
        </p>
        <p style="font-size: 18px; margin-left: 50px;">
       &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;       Egypt also pledged to incorporate climate change into national development strategies and gradually green it's budget across sectors in the 2030 Vision and sustainable development strategy. We have selected a solution based on the measurements of three variables, but first, we need to understand why we measure them and what we anticipate from future measurements. Our solution is based on measuring the rates of these three variables in a special system for each of them. Then we combine their data in one system after developing a communication system that will allow us to do so. The idea behind this is that as these three variables increase, the percentage of carbon dioxide, the rates of temperature, and the rates of rain provide a better environment for the living of insects that feed on crops and decrease them and cause many diseases. We have chosen two design requirements: 
        </p>
 
  1- The speed of communication between each of the systems.<br>
  2- The accuracy of predicting climate change for the various variables.

<h2>Introduction</h2>
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Climate change may result in much higher temperatures and less rainfall over significant agricultural areas in Egypt's current arid environment, forcing more urgent adaptation investments. Data from three general circulation climate models were used to analyze the projected effects of climatic changes on Egypt's agricultural sector.<br><br>
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The findings indicate that by 2050, the majority of climate change's biophysical effects will be detrimental. As a result of increasing temperatures, water stress, and more salinized irrigation water, it is anticipated that by 2050 food crop yields will be almost 10% lower than in a scenario where there is no climate change.<br><br>
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;  The highest estimated biophysical yield losses are seen in maize, sugarcane, and fruits and vegetables. Our solution to that problem is to create an IoT system that has different systems and every system measures certain variable from the factors that affect and lead to that roblem and then predict their values in the future and connect those different systems in one place by a communication system between them that collects and organizes all the data and based on that using those values, we can determine the extent of the problem in the future and predict what We'll go through it later.<br><br>
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;  One of the previous solutions that were used to try to solve this problem was AIoT – measurement and reporting integration. With a plethora of databases and systems associated with various carbon-producing assets, the amount of time and effort necessary to merely categorize and organize data from several business units and assets is enormous. An IoT connection enables real-time activity-level data and asset inventory data to be sourced from several systems in a seamless manner. This enables an organization to organize, gather, and turn data into reports for accurate emissions monitoring and measurement, lowering total data collecting efforts and improving data quality and report resolution.
